{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 Alam, Z. F. (2016). {\i{}The Assessment of the of E-Waste Management Generated from Cellular Phones, Laptops, and Personal Computers in the Philippines}. {\i{}9}, 17.\
Apple. (2020a). {\i{}27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display Product Environmental Report}. 9.\
Apple. (2020b). {\i{}Apple Watch Series 6 Product Environmental Report}. 9.\
Apple. (2020c). {\i{}IPad Air (4th generation) Product Environmental Report}. 9.\
Apple. (2020d). {\i{}IPhone 12 Product Environmental Report}. 9.\
Apple. (2020e). {\i{}13-inch MacBook Pro Product Environmental Report}. 9.\
Cherney, K. (2020, August 6). {\i{}Social Media Addiction: What It Is and What to Do About It}. Healthline. https://www.healthline.com/health/social-media-addiction\
Fairphone. (2017). {\i{}SmartphoneMaterialProfiles_May2017.pdf}. Fairphone. https://www.fairphone.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/SmartphoneMaterialProfiles_May2017.pdf\
Farjana, S. H., Huda, N., & Mahmud, M. A. P. (2019). Life cycle assessment of cobalt extraction process. {\i{}Journal of Sustainable Mining}, {\i{}18}(3), 150\uc0\u8211{}161. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jsm.2019.03.002\
Foy, C. (2018, November 23). {\i{}The Rise of Social Media Correlation with Mental Illness}. FHE Health \uc0\u8211{} Addiction & Mental Health Care. https://fherehab.com/news/social-media-and-mental-illness/\
Kantayya, S. (2020, November 11). {\i{}Coded Bias} [Documentary]. 7th Empire Media.\
Klein, M., & Radulovic, V. (2014, September 24). {\i{}Reducing Supply Chain GHG Emissions from LCD Panel Manufacturing}. https://19january2017snapshot.epa.gov/climateleadership/reducing-supply-chain-ghg-emissions-lcd-panel-manufacturing-webinar_.html\
Lipari, R. N. (2020). {\i{}Key Substance Use and Mental Health Indicators in the United States: Results from the 2019 National Survey on Drug Use and Health}. 114.\
London Pain Clinic. (2011, November 21). {\i{}Repetitive strain injury amongst IT workers and computer users}. London Pain Clinic. https://www.londonpainclinic.com/computers-and-pain/repetitive-strain-injury-amongst-it-workers-and-computer-users/\
Lovefone. (n.d.). {\i{}How much CO2 does it take to make a Smartphone?} Lovefone. Retrieved January 20, 2021, from https://www.lovefone.co.uk/blogs/news/how-much-co2-does-it-take-to-make-a-smartphone\
Makandi, P. (n.d.). {\i{}Negative Effects of LCD Monitors}. It Still Works. Retrieved January 21, 2021, from https://itstillworks.com/negative-effects-lcd-monitors-7478611.html\
Ogunlere, S., & Adebayo, A. (2015). {\i{}Ethical Issues in Computing Sciences}.\
Rambachan, A., Kleinberg, J., Mullainathan, S., & Ludwig, J. (2020). {\i{}An Economic Approach to Regulating Algorithms} (No. w27111). National Bureau of Economic Research. https://doi.org/10.3386/w27111\
Rosen, L. D., Lim, A. F., Felt, J., Carrier, L. M., Cheever, N. A., Lara-Ruiz, J. M., Mendoza, J. S., & Rokkum, J. (2014). Media and technology use predicts ill-being among children, preteens and teenagers independent of the negative health impacts of exercise and eating habits. {\i{}Computers in Human Behavior}, {\i{}35}, 364\uc0\u8211{}375. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chb.2014.01.036\
Staff. (2011, November 21). How can manufacture of TFT-LCD displays be eco-friendly? {\i{}Electronics Weekly}. https://www.electronicsweekly.com/news/business/manufacturing/how-can-manufacture-of-tft-lcd-displays-be-eco-friendly-2011-11/\
Teehan, P., & Kandlikar, M. (2013). Comparing Embodied Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Modern Computing and Electronics Products. {\i{}Environmental Science & Technology}, {\i{}47}(9), 3997\uc0\u8211{}4003. https://doi.org/10.1021/es303012r\
The Society of Chemical Engineers of Japan. (1993). Production of silicon wafers and environmental problems. In The Society of Chemical Engineers of Japan (Ed.), {\i{}Introduction to VLSI Process Engineering} (pp. 147\uc0\u8211{}165). Springer Netherlands. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-94-011-1562-9_7\
Twenge, J. M., Joiner, T. E., Duffy, M. E., Cooper, A. B., & Binau, S. G. (2019). {\i{}Age, Period, and Cohort Trends in Mood Disorder Indicators and Suicide-Related Outcomes in a Nationally Representative Dataset, 2005\uc0\u8211{}2017}. 15. https://doi.org/10.1037/abn0000410\
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. (2020). {\i{}F-GHG Emissions Reduction Efforts: 2018 Supplier Profiles}. 40.\
Wang, Y. L., Hu, H. J., Qi, S., & Liu, G. F. (2014). Environmental Impacts Assessment of Liquid Crystal Extraction From Wasted LCD Panels. {\i{}Applied Mechanics and Materials}, {\i{}496\uc0\u8211{}500}, 55\uc0\u8211{}62. https://doi.org/10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.496-500.55\
Wu, T., Chung, J., Yamat, J., & Richman, J. (n.d.). {\i{}The Ethics (or not) of Massive Government Surveillance}. Retrieved January 21, 2021, from https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/cs181/projects/ethics-of-surveillance/ethics.html\
}